> "The quieter you become, the more you can hear." - Ram Dass

The silence in the room always washes over me in a calming matter. It does not hum with tension when I have learned to like the second person in the room.

I tried to tell her once. That I don't necessarily enjoy talking with her. I failed to convey that in the space we fail to fill with our words and the air that separates us, in the moments of stillness where no sound lies, I yearn to cease the chatter that racks my body and meld into the background whir of the machines that run the room. I press my back into the wall and tuck my knees close to my chest and lift my feet, sliding them into the bars that line the top of the table to quell the urge to up and run away out of the walls and away and away because the conversation fails to grip my attention and I am elsewhere yearning for the sky, the wind, anything else that makes me feel alive. 

The silence never stays for long, she always breaks it with a colorless question. 

She asks each "How was your day?" with a gentle smile, but the question holds little meaning to me because if there was something important about my day I would have told it to her before she had asked the question, if there was something I wanted to tell her it would've soared out of my mouth in a gush of words before she had a chance to ask me anything. But of course she asks because she wants to know, and to her words are a form of caring and loving. My words are only a form of decoration, they are not real to me. The sensation of silence means more to me than any speech ever will, and I tried to communicate that to her.

I wanted to tell her that I like her enough with her to stop smiling and stare and nothing, to stop pretending that I want to talk all the time because most times I'm not even paying attention to what I'm even talking to someone about. My words do not matter to me.

But she didn't understand, and if I phrase it more directly and tell her that I prefer the silence to her words it will hurt her and if I tell her that the conversation between her and I is not enough to calm the nervous energy that builds up in me she will shrink away because she thought she was close to me, but I will not open up in the way she is used to with people who are comfortable around her.

So the chatter continues, and I take part because I have learned to reciprocate. My smile doesn't always reach my eyes.