AP Lit creative writing

The smell of smoke filled my lungs as the bathroom door swung open. It always trailed her wherever she went, clinging to her hair and clothes.

*She has a job to do.*

She had been escaping to the bathroom lately, scurrying away when I tried to put her in line, to get her to do her work. Properly. 

I stared at her through the mirror on the far side. Mouth slightly open and cigarette limp between her teeth, she was bowed over the sink, twisting her hair into wet curls with the water. A gray skirt that was rumpled. A gray blazer that was stained. Gray slacks that blurred with the smoke that coated her as if she was a cloth doll frayed with overuse. The ghastly color seemed to suck the color out of her limp hair, leaving it a pathetic, mousy brown. Her face was cast in shadow, but her lashes flitted under the wan, greenish light that scattered across the dripping water. I shifted from one foot to the other.

*I have a job to do.*

Her ghostly form betrayed death when she stirred. The clack of my heels had disturbed her. As if I was the intruder. A tremor ran through her hazy shadow. The sound echoed briefly, then stopped. She tilted her face up.

The pallid face caught the light. Before, it was hidden in dimness, but now there was nothing to hide the terrible mask. The features were wilted. Folds that cut deep into the skin drooped sadly at the neck and chin, yet the skin clung to the skull by the cheekbones, pulled taut enough to bring out a shine. It never failed to disgust me.

A sharp bark of laughter escaped my mouth to titter off of the walls. I closed my mouth abruptly. The sound scurried into the corners until the water was the only sound that remained. But the resentment pulled at me, screwing my chest into a knot. Wretched woman. Why did I have to see this face everyday? My lips drew back into a snarl. This time I opened my mouth with purpose.

 “Remember you have a job to do filthy, little ra-”.
 
For a split second her reflection disappeared. 
Crack. I saw the ceiling before I felt the floor. Her hands were around me, they went around me, no, around my neck, and they were squeeze, squeeze, squeezing, and the back of my head was thumping to my throbbing chest and throat. Struggling, flailing, grappling, I convulsed on the bathroom floor.

My heart squeezed and a sob left my mouth. It was happening at last. Her veins stood out on her arms, a startling blue. The hands danced around in the pulsing light, delighted by the constriction of my throat, as they finally, finally gripped with the force of death. My vision swam, yet her silhouette was clearer than ever. 

The wisps of smoke scattered, as the water from her wet hair swirled down the drain.