>“It can hardly be a coincidence that no language on earth has ever produced the expression, 'As pretty as an airport.” - Douglas Adams, The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul

How to Kill Time in O'Hare Airport (broke + lonely edition)

Let's say (theoretically) that you booked the 4:30 shuttle to O'Hare Airport in Chicago. Let's say that your flight is at 12:30 and you have  time to kill because you were afraid that you wouldn't  be able to find your boarding gate in time because you're stupid. Additionally, you have no money on you and no friends and have made the decision to starve for the day. What do you do with your time? Have no fear, you do not have to come up with an answer to this question on your own. In this mini article, I have compiled a list of 7 activities you can do alone, all you need is just a phone and your own creativity!

# 1. photograph and compile a list of vending machines
I know this one might sound boring, but O'Hare airport has a multitude of unique vending machines, including a Lego vending machine, a lingerie vending machine, and a salad vending machine. Catalogue them into a magazine maybe.


# 2. airport photoshoot with your phone camera
Using the timer setting in your iPhone camera app, you can self photograph you in airport locations such as local artist's art, benches or fountains. Satiate the artist within you.

# 3. stand on the moving walkways instead of walking
If you stop on the walkway instead of walking, it takes you more time to arrive at your destination. While riding the walkway, you'll feel like you are touring the airport in slow motion--a sort of amusement park ride.

# 4. write and illustrate your own ORD restaurant guide
If you're going to spend money on food at the airport, it's best to get your moneys worth. research online for restaurants with good reviews and put together a guide of the best restaurants inside the airport in your notes app. for future reference when you have more money.

# 5. track suitcase colors using a design app and a table
Use Canva, Google slides, drawing apps, etc. and make a color palette. Organize this color palette into a table and use it to count the number of suitcases that roll by of each color. If you find a yellow or orange one you are very lucky.

# 6. visit each terminal and make a playlist
Walk between each terminal in the airport and choose one song per airport that fit the vibe of the terminal. There are various art pieces and restaurants scattered across the airport so the terminals don't have the EXACT same vibe. listen to your playlist to kill more time.

# 7. hold hands with yourself
Explore what your hand feels like. Not something you do every day. Annual hand checkup, massage, or a little palm reading. Your choice.

And there's your list of seven things.
Go have fun!
Bye bye, I have to board my plane now.