the individual that will grow to be most successful in processing information is the curious skepticist.

--
curious /ˈkjʊə.ri.əs/ interested in learning about people or things around you

skepticism /ˈskep.tə.sɪ.zəm/ doubt that something is true or useful

skepticist /ˈskep.tə.sɪ.st/ someone who practices skepticism*

--

the two qualities that define this individual blend into a shrewdness that permeates their conversation and observations. 

curiosity drives the skepticist to consume—they read and listen to whatever they can get their hands on. from the influx of information, the skepticist learns how to recognize discrepancies in the words they process and how to ask the right questions to wrestle the answers they are looking for.

nothing convinces the skepticist besides the sources that achieve the high bar of credibility they hold everyone standard to and the sheer quantity of evidence they require to reach a conclusion. 

Nevertheless, do not think curious skepticists are close-minded. their deepest desire is to uncover the truth, not to prove you wrong. when something conflicts with their conclusion, a skepticist will investigate. they will use conflicting information as an opportunity to explore misconceptions to right their mistakes and reinforce their knowledge. 

they are opinionated and knowledgeable, and can talk for great lengths on the topics they enjoy. a desire to learn (as intrinsic to their identity as an artist’s compulsion to create) is woven into their soul.

stay curious. stay dubious. the world is your library dear skepticist.

*not a real word